1.What’s the synonym for the word “Synonym” ?
Antonym ,Similar Word ,None of the above, None of the above


2.Which ocean is off the California coast?
The Peacific ,The Pacific , The Atlantic, The Pacific


3.What type of fish is Nemo?
A clownfish , A catfish ,A bluefish, A clownfish


4.How many pairs of wings do bees have? 
Three , Five ,Two, Two


5.When do leaves die?
In the summer, In the fall, In the winter, In the fall


6.What is the name of Harry Potter’s pet owl?
Hedwig , Headhwig , None of the above, Hedwig


7. How many sides does a triangle have?
 one , Four , Three, Three


8.Which planet in our Solar System is known for having a ring?
 Jupiter , Uranus , Saturn, Saturn

9.In which capital city of Europe would you find the Eiffel Tower?
Paries , France , Paris, Paris


10.A scientist who studies rocks is called a what?
 A Mineralogist , A geologist , A astrobiologist, A geologist


11.Who was the first man to step on the moon?
 Neil Armstrong , Aldrin , Michael Collins, Neil Armstrong


12.What could make Harry Pottar invisible?
 Invisibility potion , Invisibility Spell , Invisibility Cloak, Invisibility Cloak


13.In sports, what is an MVP?
Most Valuable Player ,Most valuable player , Mitral Valve  Prolapse, Most Valuable Player


14. How many continents are there in the world?
Eight, Seven, Five, Seven


15.Two of the planets in our solar system begin with the letter M, can you name them?
 Mars and Marcury , Mars and Mercury ,Mers and Mercury, Mars and Mercury


16.What kind of tree do acorns come from?
Quercus , Lithocarpus , Oak, Oak


17.How many bones do sharks have?
one , Two , Zero, Zero


18.What is the name of molten rock after a volcanic eruption?
Lava , Magma , Vent, Lava


19.What is the part of the human eye that controls the amount of light that passes through the pupil?
 The retina ,The iris , The cornia, The iris


20.Can you name the closest star to Earth?
 The Wolf ,  The Sun , The Luyten, The sun


21.What was the last name of the flying pioneers Orville and Wilbur?
 Write , Wright , None of the above, Wright


22.In what country were the Olympic Games invented?
 United  States , Greece , Russia, Greece


23.Who invented the telephone?
Alexander Graham Bell , Guglielmo  Marconi , Mayans, Alexander Graham Bell


24. The Statue of Liberty came from which country to the United States?
 Greece , France , Russia, France


25.Who painted the Mona Lisa?
 Duccio , Vincent Van Gogh , Leonardo Da Vinci, Leonardo DaVinci


26. Which famous ocean liner sank on her first voyage in 1912?
 The Titanic , The Carpathia , Seawise Giant, The Titanic


27.Which country did Justin Bieber come from?
 Germany , Canada ,Greece, Canada


28.What do you get when you boil water?
Vapour , Steam , Stem, Steam


29.In what movie will you find characters who are looking for a brain, a heart, and courage?
 The Wizard of Oz , The wijard of Oz , all of the above, The Wizard of Oz


30.What is the largest continent?
 Africa , Asia , Europe, Asia


31.What is the tallest mountain in the world?
Mauna Kea, Mount Everest, Chimborazo, Mount Everest


32. How many Great Lakes are there?
Five, Three, Two, Five


33.What is the imaginary line called that connects the north and south pole?
Prime Meridian, Equator, Maridian, Prime Meridian


34.What gulf is located to the south of Florida?
The Gulf of Alaska, The Gulf of Guinea, The Gulf of Mexico, The gulf of Mexico

35.What is the hardest natural substance?
A Graphene, A diamond, A Dyneema, A Diamond


36. What name represents the letter "M" in the NATO phonetic alphabet?
Mike, Milano, Martha, Mike


37.Typewriter is the longest word that can be typed using only the first row on a QWERTY keyboard.
False, True, Not given, True


38.Which of these is the name of a Japanese system of alternative medicine, literally meaning "finger pressure"?
Majimi, Ukiyo, Shiatsu, Shiatsu


39.What character was once considered to be the 27th letter of the alphabet?
Ampersand, Amparsend, none of the above, Ampersand


40.When did the website "Facebook" launch?
2006, 2009, 2004, 2004


41.Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died from complications of which form of cancer?
Colorectal , Pancreatic, Prostate, Pancreatic


42.The scientific name for the Southern Lights is Aurora Australis?
True, Not given, False, True


43. What is the full title of the Prime Minister of the UK?
Minister for the Civil Service, First Lord of the Treasury, First Loard of the Treasary, First Lord of the Treasury


44.A doctor with a PhD is a doctor of what?
Philosophy, Physical Therapy, Psychology, Philosophy


45. Which essential condiment is also known as Japanese horseradish?
Karashi, Ponzu, Wasabi, Wasabi


46.Which of these countries was not a part of the Soviet Union?
Belarus, Poland, Georgia, Poland


47. In a 1994 CBS interview, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates performed what unusual trick on camera?
Jumping over an office chair, Standing on his head, jumping backwards over a desk, Jumping over an office chair


48.An organic compound is considered an alcohol if it has what functional group?
Hydroxyl, Carbonyl, Alkyl, Hydroxyl


49.What is the unit of currency in Laos?
Kip, Ruble, Dollar, Kip


50.What element does 'O' represent on the periodic table?
Osmium, Oxygen, Oganesson, Oxygen